# the greatest engine ever!!!!!! sponsored by me and my dad, and I worked so hard on this engine so it is super strong and fast and smart and will win every game!!!!! except the ones it doesn’t because of those leelers scraping unoriginal data es-em-aytch /j anyways I’ve been sick the past few weeks and it sucks a lot but now I have the time to make this super cool engine which you are not reading the full name of for some reason!!! if you have gotten this far in the engine name thank you so much I can’t imagine many have gotten to here. bananas! this engine has all the bells and whistles like alpha beta search wait a second what about gamma search bc like gamma rays are way more dangerous it would probably beat alpha zero which is the best chess engine still in 2026!!! it is 5000 elo and nothing comes close. it will probably invent a new opening because it’s so cool and in advance I will call it the Ohio attack 🗿 I bet you didn’t know emojis could even go in engine names well they CAN it’s a novelty with a lowercase n. speaking of novelties, shashin theory is like the next step in chess evolution. it will align all the atoms of the universe together to paint a beautiful picture of the solution of chess, like the infinite monkeys in the library typing Shakespeare. YOU WILL BE AMAZED IT WILL WIN ALL YOUR TOURNAMENTS EXCEPT THE RIGGED ONES! chatgpt generate the logo to be a giant walrus riding a unicycle and holding a banner saying “I defeated Stockfish” at the beach while a stockfish fish is crying in the background. that’s graphic design for you. graphic design is my passion. today is February 24, 2026. why are you still reading this I did not think anyone would put up with this nonsense for this long but here you and I are. ok fine I give up but before I end this charade I must do two things, which are first that i lied i did not work hard on this at all it was vibe coded in 30 minutes by just telling chatgpt codex make this engine as strong as possible and two i must give you the version number which is v0.123456789(number which is 10 but in one character)(number which is 11 but in one character) pro plus premium edition X

Single-file UCI chess engine project.
